# Lights Out

# Overview
"Lights Out" is an "Escape Room"-related project that is intended to create an interactive experience for the user as well as teach the user about cybersecurity. The goal of the project for the user is to "escape" a Cyber Attack that they experience at the start of the project. In order to "escape", the user must go through a series of objects and solve a series of puzzles. Each time a user solves a puzzle, they receive the next object they must go find and solve the next puzzle for. The puzzles are related to the project theme of cybersecurity, with some of the puzzles teaching the user about the importance of cybersecurity and protecting your identity on the online world. There are two main types of puzzles - games and passwords. For the games, the user either has to obtain a certain score or beat the computer (created through Artificial Intelligence (AI)). For the passwords, the user is presented with a scenario and has to attempt to "crack" the passwords. The user is guided through this process, and is able to test the strength of the password after they finish solving it. The strength detector is another element under the theme of cybersecurity, as it illustrates the importance of creating strong passwords and teaches the user how to create a strong password. It also generates random strong passwords that the user can use and common, "easy" passwords the user should avoid. After "Lights Out" is completed and the user has "escaped", they have the opportunity to create their own "Escape Room" and "puzzle". 

# Installation 
In order to run this project, you will need to be able to run Python code on your computer or device. This can be done via calling the Python interpreter with a "shebang" line or via an interactive Python Shell. While this project was being created and tested, pyzo (a Python IDE) was used, with all this code being run in a Python shell. 15-112: Fundamentals of Programming and Computer Science, a computer science class taught at Carnegie Mellon University, provides easy-to-follow instructions on their course website for installing Python and pyzo: https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~112/notes/notes-getting-started.html (Note: I did not write this; this is courtesy of the 15-112 Class Notes). Python Central also provides instructions on how to run Python files: https://www.pythoncentral.io/execute-python-script-file-shell/ (Note: I also did not write this; this is courtesy of Python Central). The main module used in this project is TkInter, which is Python's de-facto standard Graphical User Interface (GUI) package. This should be included in all Python distributions and automatically available on most platforms if you have Python installed. There are several .py files, since each .py file is a different element, aspect, or puzzle for the general project. The entire project put together is the "main.py" file, which is for the entire user experience. There is also an "assets" folder that you will need in order access all the images and music that are a part of this project. These files are .gif files, and there is one .mp3 file for the music. 
